In this lecture, we are going to enhance our attachment service with the methods for handling the files,
like listing files we just stored in of as retrieving one file or delete files for from grid of S so
we can cover a bunch of operations from the Y later then.
So let's.
Create a method for listing all files we uploaded into Grid of S.
So let's name the list of files and we can use Grid F as operations object.
We already have an attachment service so we can just set list and we can.
You can find all files that reflect our query and we actually create an empty query which defines the
logic.
Let's find all that is being stored in a grid of s.
To show up those items on the screen.
We have to enhance our new attachment method so we provide some data for a new HTML file we already
created.
So at this point, we have that modal modal provide kind of a context for our HTML template, which
is processed by the time leave template engine.
So we use that modal, we add attribute here attributes or kind of maps.
So we have a key, we have the name items and we use this our attachment service and we return list
all files we saved in grade of S.
So we have that attribute available to the template and we use it later in implementation.
And third modal structure or a variable is provided to template automatically.
So we don't handle that.
We just add attributes to modal.
And those attributes by with the keys are available as variables on the template.
So we have that list all our files method here and we can just add a few more operations we need for
our implementation.
So we are still working on the backend part.
We are still in Java here and we define a method for getting one grit FS file.
So we use this method for getting that file for providing a download like operation.
So let's name it, find one by ID.
So we have to provide the ID parameter and method signature and we use and we return creative as operations
object by calling find one method.
And again, as we already done, we provide a query.
We define a criteria for getting just one object from the grid of storage or from MongoDB itself.
So we define criteria.
Actually, we already done that.
So we create condition ID has to be the same as ID provided to that method.
So we return grade of file that way and to just to complete the logic, we need to be able also to delete
file from grid of ask so we can create a method for that again.
And it's actually very easy to do.
You can see the grid as operations object contains a very good API.
It's easy to understand and to use even without reading a documentation deeply.
It just follows the logic we we use when working with the files.
So we are listing files, we are finding files in the storage and we should be able to to delete files
from the storage as well.
So we have this delete a method and we create or we use the, the new criteria the same way as we use
for finding a one object.
So we use the same criteria, but we say we want to delete all the objects passing criteria, which
is actually the right one.
So we cover it all operation eat it and we use those in for the implementation in the next lecture.